hey Pam dinner here I was asked by a
couple clients of mine hey Pam how do I
scale AI within my company that's
exactly what I want to talk about today
and also take a second to like And
subscribe if B2B marketing is of
interest to you I make lots I mean lots
of helpful videos about variety of B2B
marketing topics if there's any topic
you want me to address please let me
know as well I'm more than happy to take
care it scaling AI within the company is
different from an individual selecting
one AI tool of for specific task at an
individual level you only have to
consider how you'll personally use that
tool at a department or organizational
level you need to think through how AI
plays a role as a part of the processes
and the
workflows so here are five steps to help
you scale your company's AI initiative
let's say you want to scale AI for your
lead generation outre I'm going to use
that as an example step number one
document your lead generation
workflow so here is a slide take a quick
look it's a typical webinar monthly
workflow then after webinar happens you
can easily send out post webinar thank
you email very typal isn't it prospect's
interest is to check how often they
attend your webinars you can set of
criteria for analysis such as if they
attend three consecutive times there may
be a possibility that they are
interested in your products and services
so to further validate your assumption
you can have sales send out a
personalized promo email if the prospect
reply yay you scored and you can pass
that leads to Insight sales for further
vetting if not welcome them again in
your next
webinar step number two determine where
AI can fit in so now you have a nice
workflow in front of you you can
determine how to use AI to help you and
that's also used this specific workflow
as an example
I identify four full opportunities to
share with you number one you can use an
AI writing assistant for LinkedIn pay
ads email marketing social media posts
even the post webinar email so you can
use a writing assistant tool to create
content and also email followup number
two you can merge inside sales venting
SQL see that box and the sales contact
sqls to schedule a meeting these two
boxes can be merged by having AI
automatically rout leads and the right
emails followup for sales team number
three you can use AI features of third
party tool to clean up your customer
database lastly build internal
predictive model to forecast One Rate so
here is one slide two connected
workflows between sales and marketing
and the four potential ways to use
AI workflow serves as a blueprint to
discuss with your teams in terms of what
you want to do with the AI at the
organizational
level the next step is to evaluate the
tools you want to use once you and your
team determine which part of workflows
you want to incorporate AIS you can
determine which tools to use and they
are usually three choices use features
in existing
tools or you can purchase new tools or
build your own I always tell my clients
to check AI features within the existing
tools they use for example if you are
interested in having AI Rial social
media posts you might want to look into
the current social media tools to see if
they already have features to do that
before purchasing a new writing
assistant tool always check with
existing software vendors to find out
about the new features they have added
or plan to add soon do that before
purchasing
anything building your tools tends to be
expensive and takes a long lead time I
don't recommend doing that unless
unless they are related to Predictive
Analytics model building and you have
big data sets learning algorithms that
you can
train if you decide to use new tools you
need to take the following two things
into account front end and the back end
the front end you need to revise the
workflow to show how AI will be used so
your team can see the new tools you also
need to train them to use these tools
properly training is as critical as
establishing the workflows on the back
end you need to work closely with it and
the marketing Ops teams to ensure that
the back end is set up correctly to
allow customer data to flow from one
stage to
another the next one is track the AI
results versus human results when you
incorporate AI as part of processes
important to track whether or not it
saves your team members time saves the
company money or generates more Revenue
have two or three success metrics in
mind for the sake of lead generation
initiative you need to check if AI
actually helps increase the number of
leads if it's very hard to quantify that
at a very minimal level you need to know
if AI helps secondary metrics such as
email clicks content downloads or even
the number of
mqls while impl new AI tools you should
also interview team members who use AI
tools
extensively understand if they make
their lives easier or safe
time qualitative data can provide
insights into overall usage to determine
the next optimization
phase lastly remodify and scale once you
ramp up the AI tools within your
workflow you can check whether or not AI
Works to help or instead serve as a
detriment to your lead generation
efforts sometimes you know what AI
really doesn't
help implementing AI a scale requires
resources budget and time you may not
get that right the first time but it's a
journey that B2B marketers working at
the midsize or Enterprises can't avoid
embrace it and start having conversation
as a team if you like this video please
subscribe I would greatly appreciate
your effort if you have any topic you
want to discuss let me know I hope to
see you again at the next video take
care byebye